[HOPSWORKS-2014] assume role docs (#192)
logicalclocks/hops-docs: docs/admin_guide/cloud_role_mapping.rst

==================
AWS Role chaining
==================

> Using an EC2 instance profile you can allow, your hopsworks cluster, access to AWS resources. This forces all hopsworks users to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using an EC2 instance profile enables your Hopsworks cluster to access AWS resources. This forces all Hopsworks users to
```
```suggestion
Using an EC2 instance profile you can allow, your hopsworks cluster, access to AWS resources. This forces all hopsworks users to
```

share the instance profile role and the resource access policies attached to that role. To allow for per project access policies 

> you could have your users use AWS credentials directly in their programs which is not recommended or you can and should use

Reviewer: ```suggestion
you could have your users use AWS credentials directly in their programs which is not recommended and should use
```
```suggestion
you could have your users use AWS credentials directly in their programs which is not recommended or you can and should use
```

Author: I do not think the sentence makes sense if I remove or

`Role chaining <https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/id_roles_terms-and-concepts.html#iam-term-role-chaining>`_.

To use Role chaining, you need to first setup IAM roles in AWS:

> 1. Create an instance profile role with policies that will allow it to assume all resource roles that we can assume from the hopsworks

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create an instance profile role with policies that will allow it to assume all resource roles that we can assume from the Hopsworks
```
```suggestion
1. Create an instance profile role with policies that will allow it to assume all resource roles that we can assume from the hopsworks
```

cluster.

.. code-block:: json

    {
        "Version": "2012-10-17",
        "Statement": [
            {
                "Sid": "AssumeDataRoles",
                "Effect": "Allow",
                "Action": "sts:AssumeRole",
                "Resource": [
                    "arn:aws:iam::123456789011:role/test-role",
                    "arn:aws:iam::xxxxxxxxxxxx:role/s3-role",
                    "arn:aws:iam::xxxxxxxxxxxx:role/dev-s3-role",
                    "arn:aws:iam::xxxxxxxxxxxx:role/redshift"
                ]
            }
        ]
    }

Example policy for assuming four roles.

2. Create the resource roles and edit trust relationship and add policy document that will allow the instance profile to assume this role.

.. code-block:: json

    {
        "Version": "2012-10-17",
        "Statement": [
            {
            "Effect": "Allow",
            "Principal": {
                "AWS": "arn:aws:iam::xxxxxxxxxxxx:role/instance-profile"
            },
            "Action": "sts:AssumeRole"
            }
        ]
    }

Example policy document.

> 3. Finally attache the instance profile to the master node of you hopsworks EC2 instances.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Finally attach the instance profile to the master node of your Hopsworks AWS instance.
```
```suggestion
3. Finally attache the instance profile to the master node of you hopsworks EC2 instances.
```

to roles we can create a per project mapping from the admin page in hopsworks. 

.. _goto-role-mapping.png: ../_images/admin/goto-role-mapping.png
.. figure:: ../imgs/admin/goto-role-mapping.png
  :alt: Go to role mapping
  :target: `goto-role-mapping.png`_
  :align: center
  :figclass: align-cente
 
  Go to cloud role mapping.

By clicking the cloud role mapping icon in the admin page shown in the image above you can add mappings 
by entering the project name, which roles in that project can access the cloud role and the role ARN.

.. _role-mappings.png: ../_images/admin/role-mappings.png
.. figure:: ../imgs/admin/role-mappings.png
  :alt: Add role mapping
  :target: `role-mappings.png`_
  :align: center
  :figclass: align-cente
 
  Add cloud role to project mapping.

Any member of a project can then go to the project settings page to see which roles they can assume.

.. _project-roles.png: ../_images/admin/project-roles.png
.. figure:: ../imgs/admin/project-roles.png
  :alt: Project roles
  :target: `project-roles.png`_
  :align: center
  :figclass: align-cente
 
  Cloud roles mapped to project.

> For instractions on how to use the assume role API go to :doc:`../user_guide/hopsworks/assume-role`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For instructions on how to use the assume role API go to :doc:`../user_guide/hopsworks/assume-role`
```
```suggestion
For instractions on how to use the assume role API go to :doc:`../user_guide/hopsworks/assume-role`
```
